README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"><strong> :smiley: World Happiness Day! :smiley: </strong>

</h1>

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/djdefbnij/image/upload/v1709637871/March_hackathon_banner_krwvza.jpg" alt="HackathonHappy" width="1200"/>

# [Daily Affirmations](https://positivity-programmers.github.io/Hackathon-Affirmations/)

A Responsive Application for users to View Daily affirmations, Positive quotes, Well Being Articles and Generate Mindful Emails.

**A March 2024 CodeInstitute Hackathon Project**

HTML / CSS / Javascript / Bootstrap

**By Positivity Programmers**

# SUBMISSION
## Deployment
The project is deployed with Git Pages and can be accessed at [https://positivity-programmers.github.io/Hackathon-Affirmations/](https://positivity-programmers.github.io/Hackathon-Affirmations/).

## Criteria
Our team addressed the applicable criteria with innovative solutions:

- Use of **Bootstrap** to ensure a responsive and engaging design.
- Effective planning with **GitHub Projects** and documentation in **README.md**.
- Aligns with the Hackathon theme through innovative features that promote happiness and well-being. As well as featuring Google page translation, 
So we can spread happiness to all friends around the world.
- Demonstrates responsiveness, accessibility and has undergone testing across devices and browsers, As well as Jest & Light house testing.
- Introduced innovative features like the **Mindful Email Generator** and **Affirmations Generator**.
- Emphasized collaborative effort with active participation from all team members, showcasing high-quality code and inclusive practices.

# ABOUT SUBMISSION
## Intro
In an era overshadowed by the hustle of daily life, our project serves as a beacon of positivity. Inspired by the global pursuit of happiness, it offers a platform for daily affirmations, well-being tips, and spreading kindness. It emphasizes mindfulness, gratitude, and connection, empowering users to share and discover joy. This application is more than technology; it's about building a community that values happiness and well-being.

## Goal
Our goal is to provide a sanctuary where individuals can cultivate happiness and well-being through daily affirmations, positive quotes, and mindfulness practices. We aim to:

- Address the need for a positive mental health resource in the digital age.
- Offer accessible tools for cultivating gratitude and mindfulness.
- Engage a broad audience seeking to enhance their mental well-being.
- Benefit users by fostering a positive outlook and a supportive community.

## Tech
The project leverages a modern tech stack:

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3 with Bootstrap for responsive design, and vanilla JavaScript for interactive elements.
- **Deployment**: Hosted on GitHub Pages for global accessibility.
- **Tools**: GitHub for version control and collaboration, and Google Fonts for typography.

## Testing

**Jest**

Our project adopts Jest for comprehensive JavaScript testing to ensure robust and error-free functionality. This ensures a seamless and positive user experience across features, including daily affirmations, and the mindful email generator.

In a scenario in which we had more time, We would have liked to test more comprehensively.

![Jest Results](documentation/jestresults.webp)

## Credits
Special thanks to:

- **CodeInstitute** for organizing the Hackathon.
- **Pexels** for providing high-quality images.
- **FontAwesome** for the icons used by the application.
- Every team member for their dedication, creativity, and hard work.

Commit message:

Add Deployment and Local Development section to README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><strong> :smiley: World Happiness Day! :smiley: </strong>

</h1>

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/djdefbnij/image/upload/v1709637871/March_hackathon_banner_krwvza.jpg" alt="HackathonHappy" width="1200"/>

# [Daily Affirmations](https://positivity-programmers.github.io/Hackathon-Affirmations/)

A Responsive Application for users to View Daily affirmations, Positive quotes, Well Being Articles and Generate Mindful Emails.

**A March 2024 CodeInstitute Hackathon Project**

HTML / CSS / Javascript / Bootstrap

**By Positivity Programmers**

# SUBMISSION
## Deployment
The project is deployed with Git Pages and can be accessed at [https://positivity-programmers.github.io/Hackathon-Affirmations/](https://positivity-programmers.github.io/Hackathon-Affirmations/).

# Deployment & Local Development
## Deployment
The website was deployed to GitHub pages via the following steps:
1. Log in (or sign up) to Github
2. Go to the repository for this project
3. Click settings 
4. Under code and automation, click pages
5. Select main branch
6. Click save

## Local Development
### How to Fork
To fork the repository:
1. Log in (or sign up) to Github
2. Go to the repository for this project
3. Click the Fork button in the top right corner

### How to Clone
To clone the repository:
1. Log in (or sign up) to Github
2. Go to the repository for this project
3. Click on the code button, select whether you would like to clone with HTTPS, SSH or GitHub CLI
4. Copy the link shown
5. Open the terminal in your code editor and change the current working directory to the location you want to use for the cloned directory
6. Type 'git clone' into the terminal 
7.  Paste the link you copied in step 3
8. Press enter

## Criteria
Our team addressed the applicable criteria with innovative solutions:

- Use of **Bootstrap** to ensure a responsive and engaging design.
- Effective planning with **GitHub Projects** and documentation in **README.md**.
- Aligns with the Hackathon theme through innovative features that promote happiness and well-being. As well as featuring Google page translation, 
So we can spread happiness to all friends around the world.
- Demonstrates responsiveness, accessibility and has undergone testing across devices and browsers, As well as Jest & Light house testing.
- Introduced innovative features like the **Mindful Email Generator** and **Affirmations Generator**.
- Emphasized collaborative effort with active participation from all team members, showcasing high-quality code and inclusive practices.

# ABOUT SUBMISSION
## Intro
In an era overshadowed by the hustle of daily life, our project serves as a beacon of positivity. Inspired by the global pursuit of happiness, it offers a platform for daily affirmations, well-being tips, and spreading kindness. It emphasizes mindfulness, gratitude, and connection, empowering users to share and discover joy. This application is more than technology; it's about building a community that values happiness and well-being.

## Goal
Our goal is to provide a sanctuary where individuals can cultivate happiness and well-being through daily affirmations, positive quotes, and mindfulness practices. We aim to:

- Address the need for a positive mental health resource in the digital age.
- Offer accessible tools for cultivating gratitude and mindfulness.
- Engage a broad audience seeking to enhance their mental well-being.
- Benefit users by fostering a positive outlook and a supportive community.

## Tech
The project leverages a modern tech stack:

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3 with Bootstrap for responsive design, and vanilla JavaScript for interactive elements.
- **Deployment**: Hosted on GitHub Pages for global accessibility.
- **Tools**: GitHub for version control and collaboration, and Google Fonts for typography.

## Testing

**Jest**

Our project adopts Jest for comprehensive JavaScript testing to ensure robust and error-free functionality. This ensures a seamless and positive user experience across features, including daily affirmations, and the mindful email generator.

In a scenario in which we had more time, We would have liked to test more comprehensively.

![Jest Results](documentation/jestresults.webp)

## Credits
Special thanks to:

- **CodeInstitute** for organizing the Hackathon.
- **Pexels** for providing high-quality images.
- **FontAwesome** for the icons used by the application.
- Every team member for their dedication, creativity, and hard work.
